## Synopsis

NCUbird webpage
Version 0.1

this is the webpage of NCUbird.

##Motivation

architecture:
use MVC framework;

	Model :
		1. model_google_script:
			this file include the google script app url and use ajax to request for google calendar.
	Contorller :
		1. Information_controller:
			this file controll the information box in index.html
		2. Post_controller:
			this file controll the post view.
		3. Profile_controller:
			this file controll the profile view.
		4. Timeline_controller:
			this file controll the timeline view.
	View :
		1. index.html
		2. home.html
		3. post.html
		4. timeline.html
		5. about.html
		6. profile.html
		7. calendar.html

	Others:
		1. util.js
		2. google_map.js
			this file contain the google_map,and it use factory mode to design.

This project use app.js as boardcast center (use boardcast mode).
All the controller will be new in here to control view and detect model.

This project use Facebook Oauth2 to login and save login message to google sheet ( in ncubird123.google.com )
Then, it will get the information from google calendar so you could see the event on website.
It also use Facebook javascript sdk to get the infromation.

this is the format that save in google calander.

	{  
		"gender":("boy","girl","others")
		"facebook_id" : (string),
		"facebook_name" : (string),
		"location_from": (string),
		"location_from_latlng":{  
			"lat": (double),
			"lng": (double)
		},
		"location_to":"台灣桃園市桃園區敲好ㄔㄨ拉麵、燒烤龍岡店",
		"location_to_latlng":{  
	    	"lat": (double),
			"lng": (double)
		},
		"bonus_response": (string),
		"people_number": (string),
		"others": (string),
		"peroid":[ (string : 'MON','TUE',...) 

		],
		"post_time":1474719421605,
		"passenger":[  (facebook_id) 
				
		],
		"major":(string),
		"vehical":(string)
	}

at last, Thank's for Kmo who give me a chance to create it, and Thank's for all the friend helping test the website.


## License
GPL license
